85. Document will discuss allegations, or being against, corrupt public officials of any governmental state bribe parti
59. Document will report a of weather which has caused at least one fatality in some offici cold damag polic peopl mile death snow wind kill injur two rain
56. Document will include a about the prime lending rate, or will report an prime rate percent market month bank
71. Document will report incursions by land, or water into the border area of one  by military of a or a guerrilla group based in a soldier gaza forc u.n namibian river near leader cross pik thornberri u. south armi troop mile
64.   Document will report an  or  of hostage-taking. kidnap iranian lebanon obeid make come
62. Document will report a military coup , either attempted or, in soldier govern armi tri
93. Document must describe or identify of the National Rifle Association (NRA), or its member lapierr state presid
99. Document will identify a in the Iran-Contra
58. Document will predict or a rail strike or report nation month told
77. Document will report a poaching  used against a certain  of ivori tusk poacher rhino
54.   Document will cite the of a or preliminary , or the of a , to launch a commercial satellite. compani rocket loan bank
87. Document will report on current criminal actions against officers of a failed U.S. feder attorney arrest charg say
94.   Document must identify a crime  with the  of a computer.
100. Document will identify efforts by the non-communist, states to regulate the transfer of high-tech goods or "dual-use" technologies to look group lower offici bush countri unit nation meet equip soviet
89. Document must identify an  or pending investment by an OPEC member  in any "downstream" case leader
61. Document will discuss the of Israel in the Iran-Contra
95. Document must describe a computer to crime solving convict murder technolog
68. Document will report, or even  concerns about the safety to manufacturing employees and  workers of fine-diameter fibers used in insulation and other compani work inch selikoff safe asbesto co employ plead industri inspect feet make
57. Document will discuss how MCI has been doing since the Bell distanc
97. Document must identify instances of fiber optics in exampl kokusai say make laser
98. Document must identify individuals or which produce fiber optics telekom plant money feder law
60. Document will describe either one or both sides of the controversy over the use of of performance to determine salary and incentive pay as contrasted with determining pay  on the of seniority or on the payment percent employe million earn tax money say
80. Document will identify something about the platform of a 1988 presidential elect democrat parti campaign
63. Document will identify a machine translation comput writer languag
91. Document will identify acquisition by the U.S. Army of weapons nuclear missil billion depart unit command