85. Document will discuss allegations, or being against, corrupt public officials of any governmental offici corrupt corrupt bribe polit offici public money
59. Document will report a of weather which has caused at least one fatality in some state weather mile peopl part kill report least state peopl
56. Document will include a about the prime lending rate, or will report an prime rate market half reserv percent lend interest prime suit rate feder
71. Document will report incursions by land, or water into the border area of one  by military of a or a guerrilla group based in a soldier base border guerrilla two border two
64.   Document will report an  or  of hostage-taking. american hostag state lebanon
62. Document will report a military coup , either attempted or, in minist coup civilian soldier state offic govern govern elect coup minist
93. Document must describe or identify of the National Rifle Association (NRA), or its ban associ look think nation law member presid tuesday
99. Document will identify a in the Iran-Contra iran nation
58. Document will predict or a rail strike or report manag
77. Document will report a poaching  used against a certain  of arrest wildlif poach
54.   Document will cite the of a or preliminary , or the of a , to launch a commercial satellite. launch commerci compani stage rocket british hugh communic
87. Document will report on current criminal actions against officers of a failed U.S.
94.   Document must identify a crime  with the  of a computer. two two
100. Document will identify efforts by the non-communist, states to regulate the transfer of high-tech goods or "dual-use" technologies to soviet technolog say
89. Document must identify an  or pending investment by an OPEC member  in any "downstream" base saudi product organ member qatar organ major petroleum opec member
61. Document will discuss the of Israel in the Iran-Contra general novemb iranian approv 1986 council israel left weapon involv receiv proceed iran trial
95. Document must describe a computer to crime solving nation
68. Document will report, or even  concerns about the safety to manufacturing employees and  workers of fine-diameter fibers used in insulation and other worker health cancer plant public govern comment
57. Document will discuss how MCI has been doing since the Bell long corp percent rate cut compani communic mci compani million long
97. Document must identify instances of fiber optics in 1987 vice presid
98. Document must identify individuals or which produce fiber optics 1987 fiber compani
60. Document will describe either one or both sides of the controversy over the use of of performance to determine salary and incentive pay as contrasted with determining pay  on the of seniority or on the perform percent
80. Document will identify something about the platform of a 1988 presidential announc
63. Document will identify a machine translation unit
91. Document will identify acquisition by the U.S. Army of weapons